Two videos ago, you might have seen me very quickly write out a command as they get pods as opposed
to cubes.
It'll get pods.
Now, if you run, kay, get pause.
Right now, I could just about guarantee you're going to get an error.
Something that says Unknown Command K or something very similar.
Let me tell you a little bit more about this shortcut.
This is something that I do personally.
You're going to see very few other people do this, but it's something I found that it's really effective
just to save my self a tiny little bit of time every single day.
I found that writing out the word CTL is just a little bit annoying.
I make typos in it all the time, and that's just annoying.
I don't want to do it.
So instead I set up an alias on my computer, but any time I write out K it will be automatically translated
into Cube.
CTL For me, the exact process of how you do this is going to vary based upon your personal computer
setup.
So I personally use a shell called Z Shell.
That means that the program that is running inside of my terminal and interpreting the commands that
I run in or I type in that command or that program is called Z Shell.
You might be using something called Bash instead.
I don't really know.
It really comes down to what you are doing on your local machine.
So in setting up this alias, you are going to have to do a little bit of research.
Let me show you how I do it on Z Shell.
So I would open up inside my code editor, my z shell RC file if you are running bash it would probably
be bash RC instead.
So I can open that up.
And inside of here I got a little bit of shell configuration and then a list of different aliases.
So these are commands that I could type in to my terminal, and they will be automatically expanded
into something else instead.
But for me, I write an alias K equals Q CTL.
So again, anytime I put in K, it'll be expanded automatically.
I've also got a little shortcut for Docker PS as well, so I can type in just DPS and that will list
out all my running terminals or all assuming all my running console containers.
So many pieces of terminology here.
It will list out all my different running containers.
So again, you might see me throughout the course writing out just kay, if you ever see me.
Right.
Kay.
I do not mean to in this course, I mean to show you the exact command every single time.
But every now and then, if I'm trying to do something very quickly, I might accidentally fall back
to writing out Kay instead.
And if I do, so my apologies.
I do recommend you try out this little alias on your own if you can figure out how to set it up because
it is just a nice little time saver.
Okay, so that's it.
That's all I want to discuss here.
Continue in just a minute.